Updated on/offboarding documents with latest state of things. (#1120)
cds-snc/notification-planning: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/offboarding.md

Present checklist is here to help us track progress and completion of this.

> **Done when** :  PM has checked that all access has been revoked and all documentation, respsonsibilities have been transferred, and [audit document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1nqRmotJvNY_ftNwr5R7_tk2HKrveNRBA-R77kNTU-FM/edit#gid=0) has been updated.

Reviewer: Should we explicitly add that we should update the onboarding card to remove the people being off-boarded? (basically so we would have remembered to switch Phil for Adrianne last time).

Author: Yes sure, like this?
```suggestion
**Done when** :  PM has checked that all access has been revoked and all documentation, responsibilities have been transferred, the [audit document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1nqRmotJvNY_ftNwr5R7_tk2HKrveNRBA-R77kNTU-FM/edit#gid=0) has been updated with new grants and the onboarding task revised with updated roles.
```

Reviewer: 👍
